hey what's going on youtube with a low
profile coming in child with my 10 6
month update finally made it to the one
year health mart so I just one step
closer to two years sure i was looking
like remember last month i got my tips
that she got seated yeah i got my tip
died last monday what when I first got a
little brighter but they didn't talk him
down a lot and I like a much much much
much more much more but let me go ahead
and get ya 360 show you how it look like
one year six months left side in the
back right side
my god loving this this part of the
journey not quite that opponent with we
getting them I say bye hopefully the 2g
Omar got able to the rock the half pony
the Sun but yeah anyway i'll update by
the focus my plans we changed our mind
about born las vegas we're gonna end up
going to miami miami beach for the
fourth so excited about it I hadn't
already started back working out trying
to get the beach by the widow know how
that is oh I mean that's about it I
still do the same things to my head that
I was doing I mean we've been warning
olive oil horsham Shh the one of those
numbers on my door and I'm not uh I
don't keep up with help him with no more
I like that cuz like a gap it was a
storm other night and he caught me on
guys you put it like that he caught me
I'll God but my hair got soaked hidden
friends open anything like this is what
it looked like that they were trying so
I mean it knocked the curls out that I
put in with the other videos I'll show
job but that's nothing compared to when
I used to watch it and he's to unravel
well not like completely rubber like
maybe like dead much when I'm rebel but
they stayed take I don't know how I
guess they're just showing it that they
maturing or whatever but like I said one
of your six-month don't wanna keep y'all
along one more time left side bet
and all right I thank y'all for watching
it's a low profile miss you like
subscribe favorite share my video if you
on twitter share my video go on facebook
and you like it share my video help the
child grow but I appreciate child you're
like i said is mr. Lobo 5pc on this
video